Proof of Concept:

This tool was designed is being designed as an active defense
tool made to target sniffers.  

Using a sniffer is not bad.  We are searching for malicious
activity, not *just* cards in promiscuous mode.  We want to
break the attacker's OODA loop by increasing our visibility
into his methods. This tool aims to extend that methedology
to within the realm of the passive attack as best we can.

Just open it up and follow the menu choices. 
There are currently three components.
1) Web Server
	An example web page is served by a simple server
	that creates alerts when a non-whitelisted address
	attempts to login with the proper credentials

2) Honey Packets
	A small script sends very obvious plain text packets
	on to the network via authenticating to the fake 
	admin portal on the web server.  Most attackers will
	use sniffers to find situations just like this, why 
	wouldn't he try to login? 

3) Jammer
	Reading from a dummy pcap we create a momentary surge
	in network traffic that obscures legitimate data in
	transmission. Can also read from a pcap file.
			^ (correctly, hopefully soon)
		I plan on expanding this with an algorithm
	that mimmics plain text http authentication and
	browsing, to create hundreds if not thousands of 
	false positives for a sniffer to dig through.

The modules I plan on adding (Probably)
	--Command line arguments

	--An interceptible use/mutation of webbugserver

	--Detection of cards in promiscuous mode

	--Potentially, the ability to launch anti-sniffer
		exploits.  Fishing with dynamite...

	--Expansion upon the idea of the honeylogin and packet.
		Sniffing good, malicious activity bad..
			Detecting that is what we want.

	--Proper non-network clogging jammer

	--Arp Cache Poisoning Detection

	--Arp Cache Poisoning to control malicious hosts

	--Anti IDS signature dumper | jammer
		Fourth of July

	--Just all around simulations of insecure traffic

	--HoneyCookies "Session Marshals"


This is my dream for this tool.
We shall see where it goes from here...
